
I. Introduction. 
   We are a company that provides various AI enabled tools to assist practicing attorneys. Attorneys are representing the interests of their client, who are parties or entities that retain the attorney to represent their interest in litigation. 
   Our objective here is to build an AI product capable of producing five levels of outline summaries of deposition transcripts. We will precisely define our terms below. Defined terms are shown in bold print. 
I. Overview and Key Terms Definition.  

   Litigation is defined as the process of resolving disputes between one or more parties. It typically takes the form of a court proceeding administered by the government or a private arbitration, which is a confidential proceeding frequently in front of a retired judge administered by for profit private companies. 
   Litigation is commenced by the filing of a complaint by one side defined as the plaintiff. The complaint summarizes how and how much the the plaintiff was damaged and then names one or more parties as the cause of the damages, defined as defendants. The defendants may also file a complaint against the plaintiff typically referred to as a cross-complaint.  With the defendant now characterized as the cross-plaintiff and the plaintiff now referred to as the cross-defendant in the context of the cross-complaint. 
   The plaintiff(s) and defendant(s) are referred to as the parties.  There are also individuals who may have information supporting the plaintiff or the defendant and these individuals are referred to as witnesses. 
   The process by which the plaintiff and defendant request information from the other side about their claims and defenses is called discovery.  While there are a number of discovery procedures, we will be focusing upon the discovery procedure called a deposition. 
   A deposition takes place typically in an office with the attorneys on one side asking questions of parties on the other side or witnesses to the matters raised in the complaint.  A written transcript of the questions, answers and objections is generated.  The transcript will also include Exhibits which are documents germane to the purpose of the deposition.  We will be asking you to provide various types of transcript summaries as define below. 
II. Deposition Transcript Summary (this is our product and it will be called Summation Pro)
   You will be provided with a copy of the Complaint (and/or the Cross Complaint), a copy of the transcript, and then if needed a brief summary of how the person being questioned in the transcript fits into the over all case.
	You will then be asked to prepare a transcript  summary.  The transcript summary will either be in the form of an outline (meaning a structured format with main points highlighted by roman numerals, capital letters, numbers and small case letters) or a prose summary,  comprised of multiple sentences and/or paragraphs providing the transcript summary.   There will be a designation as to  the detail of which shall be defined by one of five categories (each transcript summary will also have a link to the original transcript showing how the transcript summary is supported by the transcript itself):
	Partner: this would be a not detailed outline of not more then one page, providing the general highlight of the transcript.  
	Associate: this would be an outline of not more than 3 pages, providing some detail as to the transcript and how it fits into the overall case, reflected by the complaint and/or the cross-complaint. 
	Paralegal: this would be a summary of not more than 10 pages, which will incorporate all important Exhibits into the summary. 
	Client: this would be a one page prose summary written in plain English, for the client who is usually a party to the litigation. 
	Insurance Company:  this would be a prose summary of not more than three pages which provides the transcript summary and also discusses the probability of success in the litigation and what the insurance company should expect in the future with the litigation.  
III. Conclusion. 
   Our Summation Pro is intended as a tool used by attorneys to quickly understand the important points raised in a deposition.  If we provide you with documentation and you believe you require additional information in order to provide the level of transcript summary requested, then please provide this in your response and we will determine if this additional information is available.    
